                     Schwab One® Account of [REDACTED]
                     JAY PATEL
                                                                                                                        Account Number     Trade Confirmation
                                                                                                                        0000-0000          March 2, 2026

                                                                                                                                         Terms & Conditions
                                                                                                                                         It is agreed between Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. ("Schwab") and the customer: (1) If you find any errors or omissions on
                                                                                                                                         this trade confirmation, please call Schwab immediately using any of the appropriate phone numbers listed above. To
                                                                                                                                         any event no later than 10 days after you receive the confirmation. This confirmation will be deemed conclusive after 10
                                                                                                                                         transactions are subject to the rules, regulations, requirements and customs of the Federal Reserve Board, the exchange
                                                                                                                                         or market (and its clearing agency, if any) where executed, any association whose rules and regulations govern
                                                                                                                                         transactions in said market, and your account agreement(s) with Schwab. We will furnish, upon written request, the date
                                                                                                                                         that all brokerage firms report sales transactions to the IRS unless the order was placed through an IRA, corporate or
                                                                                                                                         trustee account. (3) Securities purchased by you or held by us may be hypothecated and/or commingled with securities
                                                                                                                                         at any time, including prior to settlement date, when in our judgment the value of the collateral is in jeopardy or the
                                                                                                                                         account poses a risk to the firm. You will be held responsible for any resulting loss. (5) Mutual Fund Transaction Fees
                                                                                                                                         shown on this confirmation, if applicable, are charged by Schwab. You can choose to buy the shares directly from the
                                                                                                                                         fund itself or its principal underwriter or distributor without paying Schwab's transaction fee. Please consult the
                                                                                                                                         on the face hereof, may exist for certain common stocks, preferred stocks and bonds that could affect yield. For
                                                                                                                                         additional information or questions, contact Schwab using any of the appropriate numbers listed above. Securities held
                                                                                                                                         for you at Schwab or at a central clearing facility, but not registered in your name, are commingled with identical
                                                                                                                                         received remuneration from the broker- dealer or market center through which the transaction was executed. The nature
                                                                                                                                         described on the front of this confirmation was issued by The Charles Schwab Corporation ("CSC") or an entity controlled
                                                                                                                                         by CSC, we are required to disclose that (a) Schwab is controlled by CSC or (b) Schwab and the issuer are under the
                                                                                                                                         common control of CSC. (9) Additional Load Fund Breakpoint Information: You may be eligible for breakpoint discounts
                                                                                                                                         based on the size of your purchase, current holdings or future purchases. The sales charge you paid may differ slightly
                                                                                                                                         from the prospectus disclosed rate due to rounding calculations. Please refer to the prospectus or Statement of
                                                                                                                                         advisor. (10) Transaction Fee - includes fees charged for purchases and sales of certain mutual fund shares, and/or fees
                                                                                                                                         and documents incorporated by reference pertaining to Government Sponsored Enterprises ("GSE") and Federal Agency
                                                                                                                                         securities, visit the following web sites: Federal Farm Credit Bank (FFCB): http://www.farmcredit-ffcb.com ; Federal
                                                                                                                                         Home Loan Bank (FHLB): http://www.fhlb-of.com ; Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC): For debt
                                                                                                                                         securities: http://www.freddiemac.com/debt , for mortgage securities: http://www.freddiemac.com/mbs ; Federal National
                                                                                                                                         Mortgage Association (FNMA): http://www.fanniemae.com ; Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA):
                                                                                                                                         http://www.ginniemae.gov. (12) To request a paper copy of an offering document, official statement, or final prospectus,
                                                                                                                                         call 888-835-8846. (13) For asset-backed securities, which represent an interest in or are secured by a pool of
                                                                                                           00000-0000




                                                                                                                                         yield (including at a minimum estimated yield, weighted average life and the prepayment assumptions underlying yield)
  [REDACTED ADDRESS]




                                                                                                                                         it may be called without notice by mail to the holder, unless registered. (0122-11MT)
                                                                                      SAN ANTONIO TX
                                                                                      JAY PATEL




03/02-00000-DC95D092 *


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1 of 2

                   Schwab One® Account of [REDACTED]
                   JAY PATEL
                                                                                                       Account Number   Trade Confirmation
                                                                                                       0000-0000        March 2, 2026

         Total Trades                         Total Purchases                                            Total Sales                     Net Charges and/or Interest                            Net Amount


03/03 Purchase XLE                         STATE STRET ENRGY SLECT SEC SPDR ETF                                                         25               56.59         1,414.75                         1,414.75 F3, L4, A1
                        81369Y506



F3 Payment Type: Margin.




